KEY DONORS
ABOUT THE MUMAS
Les Muma is a noted businessman in the technology field, and Pam Muma is a noted philanthropist and community leader in Tampa Bay. Please read the Mumas' bio for additional information.
The Mumas' Bio  
ABOUT KATE TIEDEMANN AND ELLEN COTTON
Kate Tiedemann and Ellen Cotton are the quintessential donor couple, doing all the right things for all the right reasons in all the right ways. Their bond with Kate Tiedemann College of Business at USF St. Petersburg is long and deep.
Kate Tiedemann & Ellen Cotton's Bio  
ABOUT LYNN PIPPENGER
Lynn Pippenger was senior vice president of Raymond James, and she handled numerous special projects for the company. Please read Lynn Pippenger's bio for additional information.
Lynn Pippenger's Bio  
ABOUT THE COLLIERS
The Collier Family has a long history of philanthropy and success in Florida. Please read the Colliers' bio for additional information.
The Colliers' Bio  
ABOUT THE VINIKS
The Vinik Family are the owners of the Tampa Bay Lightning, and philanthropists. Please read the Vinik's bio for additional information.
The Vinik's Bio  
ABOUT MONICA WOODEN
Wooden, whose company provides transportation management solutions in the field of supply chain management, is uniquely aware of how the industry operates, what needs to be done to fulfill its potential and what kind of young talent is required to carry it through.
Monica Wooden's Bio  
JOHN MCKIBBON
In 2013, he made a multi-million-dollar gift to the Muma College of Business’s School of Hospitality and Tourism Management. The gift established the M3 Center for Hospitality Technology on USF’s Sarasota-Manatee campus and the McKibbon Endowed Chair.
John McKibbon's Bio  
ABOUT THE BELLINIS
Arnold F. “Arnie” Bellini is the co-founder and former CEO of the Tampa software development company ConnectWise. Bellini started the company with his brother David in 1982, before personal computers were on every office desktop.
The Bellini's Bio  
ABOUT BALDWIN RISK PARTNERS
Baldwin Risk Partners is an independent colleague-centric and entrepreneurial-led insurance advisory firm fueled by relationships, powered by people, and exemplified by its colleagues’ ability to deliver tailored insurance and risk management insights and solutions to clients (individuals, families, and corporations).
Baldwin Risk Partners' Bio  