FACULTY RESOURCES AND SUPPORT
CONSULTATION & SUPPORT
Classroom Faculty
If you would like a consultation about teaching and learning contact the Center for Innovative Teaching and Learning (CITL) at CITL@usf.
Online Faculty 
If you have a question or would like to schedule a consultation related to Canvas, Teams, or any USF digital learning platform, please email facultysupport@usf.edu. Faculty can also visit our Digital Learning Resources for extensive just-in-time videos/PDF tutorials, workshops, and training materials.  
DIGITAL LEARNING LIVE SUPPORT 
Digital Learning Live Support provides faculty the opportunity to connect directly with an expert (via Microsoft Teams). Whether you have a basic "how to" question or need consultative recommendations, you can utilize Live Support for Canvas, Teams, or any other USF digital learning solutions.
Connect with Digital Learning Live Support
Normal hours of operation: M-F | 11:00am to 3:00pm (excluding holidays)
COMPREHENSIVE TRAINING OF CANVAS BASICS
This course developed by USF Innovative Education provides comprehensive training that will introduce you to the basic functions of Canvas and additional tools to create digital content.
Enroll in: Canvas Basics.
Topics include:
Canvas course navigation
Syllabus and course files
Canvas modules
Canvas content pages, assignments, discussions, and quizzes
Multimedia content (e.g. Canvas recorder and Kaltura)
Gradebook, Speedgrader, and Canvas Rubrics
Tools available to promote academic integrity (e.g. Turnitin and Honorlock)
Synchronous communication (Teams)
INNOVATIVE EDUCATION DIGITAL LEARNING FACULTY RESOURCES:
For more quick reference guides, videos, and just-in-time training and workshops, visit the
Faculty Resource section on the Innovative Education, Digital Learning team's website.
Resources include:
Teaching with Microsoft Teams
Using Canvas
Online pedagogy
Academic Integrity
Content development tools
Interaction and engagement tools
Accessibility tools
and more!
USF IT RESOURCES:
Microsoft Teams is available for all active Faculty, Staff, and Students. The below page contains critical resources and training suggestions for our Faculty and Staff to facilitate remote instruction and general productivity.
IT's Using Microsoft Teams for Faculty and Staff